and the war against metal corrosion
there's a guy willing to do whatever it
takes to bring the world back to shine
and keep it that way
you've got a problem with middle
sergeant Jones the man where it is
oxidation I'm there ready to fight the
war against corrosion ah smell the sea
air the salt the Sun the seagulls for
shining you vote like this one the ocean
can be a cruel mistress
just like your tire you've got to look
after your marine craft a boat like this
get smashed by the elements not only at
sea would also end Lord or parked on the
street like this one
environmental baddies can attack your
pride and joy such as salt dirt tree and
bird crap these bad guys cut into the
gelcoat
fiberglass hull deck and stainless steel
fittings and all this means oxidation
and we got to protect it so my main
weapon of choice is auto salt marine
shine first clean off dirt with warm
water mole detergent and a clean cloth
or sponge shake cloth before using to
make sure there is no signs of dirt that
can scratch the surface rinse off the
sides with clean water dry with a
chamois if the service is dole stained
rusty you've got trouble time to shine
apply two of cloth or polishing sponge
rub hard if you have surface roughness
or lightly if the surface is okay now
deep clean the whole deck and jolco with
auto submarine rubbing compound
use autosum erine combi polish the
Polish is off the oxidation and applies
a protective film that Ward's off the
elements for weeks with new boats apply
Auto Sol marine wax every two months and
put a protective barrier between the
boat surface and the atmosphere in cases
of worn gel coat or corroded metal this
year's the big gun Auto Sol marine shine
in case of corrosion a mechanical buff
works really well and saves time now rub
off with a clean cloth until a bright
shine appears you can see how good audio
Sol is by its shine and it leaves a waxy
protective film on the surface shine I
love it the surface is still from oxygen
and other environmental bodies for weeks
next the surgeon showing the world is
safe from corrosion
you